The view of Youssef Fasfous. I volunteer with my mother in the
European Gaza Hospital. She works in the
Medical Supplies Department, which is medical tasks.
I mean, because the war lasted for 62 days, 63 days,
the bodies ask for orders, and we spend them and
their items. I mean, we wake up in the morning
to receive orders, and when we go to sleep,
orders, there is no sleep.  No, nothing, no sleep, no
rest, no sitting, nothing. You can't sit for five
minutes unless you find a piece of bread on your head. There is a
very difficult rest. Circumstances have stopped feeding as they were before
there was anyone left in the country. People are being torn apart and people are being thrown
under the rubble. We are unable to pray. The
scenery is very difficult.